okay guys is so quick here with another
commentary this is the game straight
away after my estate game I'm just doing
that the same as I was the other game
and the first round pretty good i get my
shots in and I actually get take out the
whole team I think and I've done the
same with the other game and I've sped
up quite a few parts because watching
the whole game when you run around with
a sniper it's a bit boring because you
have to be a bit more careful when
you're using the sniper and because if
you just go running in you're going to
die because it's a lot harder otherwise
say I've got three kills in the moment
the first round is where most of the
action happens anyway the problem of
using a sniper is it's hard to get like
back to back rounds of getting a good
amount of kills because they're wise
onto like how you're playing and just
kind of adapt and it gets harder to kill
them so calling my UAB here because
there's still three of them left and I
go and run over here I kill him then
kill him mr. couple of shots but it's a
really mother and I sped up this bit
because I could not find this guy he
took a shot and took out one of my
teammates and the red book showed up and
I had to look everywhere and I could not
find him one of you should be going to
spot him or something but I just could
not see him anywhere so I just went and
got the bomb and put way more down at
the gateway so I only had to look one
way really and the claim will get some
as soon as I planted it pretty much yeah
I've sped up quite a bit that's actually
failed with the Predators I'll here I
could have gone for the other guy but I
tried to get here me go indoors just in
time that was quite annoying you may see
our knife the pool a couple of times I
quick scope that guy if my Harriers for
next round are you always save Michael
treats for the next round
apart from UAV sometimes because you may
as well call them out when there's more
people for him to kill see ya just keep
moving about this round now I get one
more killing this round actually on this
guy I was going to try and no smoking
but we just turn around and kill me so I
hit marker and then kill them but yet
the three games which I'm probably gonna
put up they're not amazing but there's
still good game to using the sniper
rifle the time and the upper wrap the
next game i'm going to upload scott the
round before the last round is really
good but the rest of it i'm probably
have to speed up quite a few parts of it
but we've speeding it up it's just a
quick view anyway this is that this is
about the same link with the other one
it's only like three minutes and
something and and yeah i got my FPS
freeks and I said I'd do a review on
them and I might actually do that
without this video Eva I'll / review on
them with the next commentary i do or i
might do a proper review on them and
they're quite good and i use them
sometimes but i don't always use them
like this game i was not using them and
I kill him and I see the last slide jump
just as the game ends and we win for 20
again and there's a pretty good game
overall and remember to rate comment and
subscribe